# CS-360
Mobile Architect &amp; Programming

There is an app called Chute Inventory that was made to make tracking inventory on a mobile device easy and useful. The main goal of the app was to meet users' needs for keeping track of things, updating quantities, and getting alerts when inventory levels are low, all while keeping the design simple and easy to understand. The app has a safe login screen, an inventory management screen, and dialogs for adding, changing, and removing things to meet these needs. The user experience was made to be clear on purpose, with simple navigation and little visible clutter so that users could get things done quickly and without getting lost.

During development, I broke the app into doable parts like login, database handling, and inventory functions so that I could code in small chunks. I used SQLite to make sure that the data would last, and I organized the code into classes that are easy to read and understand to make it easier to manage. Using the Android Studio emulator, testing was done throughout the development process to make sure that login, database actions, and handling of permissions all worked as they should. Managing Android rights in a way that didn't interrupt the user experience was hard for me. I had to change the way the app was designed so that it could handle permission rejection smoothly. This project helped me show that I'm good at integrating databases, making designs that focus on users, and making apps for mobile devices. It also taught me best practices that I will use in future projects.
